Make mentions to IDBObjectStore.createIndex() clearer (#23362)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/idbindex/isautolocale/index.md

{{APIRef("IndexedDB")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{Non-standard_Header}}

> The **`isAutoLocale`** read-only property of the {{domxref("IDBIndex")}} interface returns a boolean value indicating whether the index had a `locale` value of `auto` specified upon its creation (see [`createIndex()`'s parameter `options`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex#parameters).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`isAutoLocale`** read-only property of the {{domxref("IDBIndex")}} interface returns a boolean value indicating whether the index had a `locale` value of `auto` specified upon its creation (see the [`options`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex#options) parameter to [`IDBObjectStore.createIndex()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex).)
```
